Bing
good day everybody and welcome to
Minecraft myth madness this is the
series where we take the orbits and put
them to the test
so let's go
good everybody and welcome to Minecraft
myth man is so hello Edward
hello Matthew now we're not gonna jibber
jabber around today guys we're gonna get
straight into it so Edie what's the
first myth of the day
the first myth suggested by Gus a five
for five is a pig gets hit by lightning
it will become a zombie pigman wow this
seemed like fun and it was a good excuse
to get real dirty and then smelly so how
are you doing will your pics look quite
friendly there right well we're gonna
get straight into this so I've got my
lightning right now and that's not
euphemism guys yeah it was a poor joke
so we're gonna go in three two one
would you look at that would you look at
that as always as if we knew that was
going to happen we'll give him a wave
and make friends no no I wouldn't know
well I really wouldn't do that pose you
I really I really I really would know
well I've got the power
hello guys unfortunately we lost will
there for a brief moment we'll finally I
mean I've been trying to get rid of that
guy but absolutely weak said it's such
it's such a damn relief honestly we've
got another mister test so if you want
to read this one will stick nor the fact
that wills dead for now but I wanted to
do a party you need to celebrate his
death I'll get to that at the end
finally okay so the next myth is by
little Doody die dude dude I did I don't
even know his name I can't even bother
pronouncing it it says a minecart can
trigger a tripwire okay so not on my
crap of anyone in just a normal mine cut
on its own so we've set up a basic rig
hey guys it's a powered rail going into
a trip wire which simple enough seems to
be kind of obvious really doesn't it so
ed press the button we always do
countdown sir three two one go three two
one
would you look at that it actually does
yeah buddy
that was a boring myth
- look on you just die and all she doing
back here I genuinely can't get rid of
him this is ridiculous suck every single
time it will will are you actually
possessed oh that explains a lot
actually
I've got brilliant idea absolutely
brilliant idea how about we get people
to suggest in the comments below how to
kill will in the most ridiculous
fashions and we will always try it
perfect
yes well yeah good right so we'll do
that so anyway moving on to the next
myth what is it
the next myth is that you can run
through a wall of webs using a swiftness
- potion Oh brilliant cos well you were
telling me the other day how you want to
be the next Usain Bolt right yeah yeah
you were I remember this well anyway
this is how it's gonna go down and the
creepers gonna be judging this one
apparently just looking they're like you
know okay well I'll be Dudek ating this
one so I'm gonna throw this swiftness
potion at you and when I say you're
gonna run through is the speed of light
through those cobwebs
oh quit bonus to be involved hope go
brain oh good going fight three two one
oh yeah you let us down again will ya
training hard enough denied
no no no no UI there well you're right
yeah yeah everything yeah you like new
house oh great yeah we can so now we can
sort our promise you're so ed anyway the
new last myth that we're gonna be
testing today wherever you are is that
if you shoot a fire arrow at TNT it will
detonate it I actually don't know what's
gonna happen could have not tried this
one before no um but you know easiest
way to do this is to just fire the hell
out of it I guess let's go take a look
well to 1 to infinity and B ah well
that's that's that's disappointing
oh what's that today was episode 3 of
myth madness guys hopefully you enjoyed
but ma a caliber noise will still here I
don't get how he does it will what do
what do you eat eat you must eat this
obsidian or something what
what's even taste like cheese
really what no i you heard their first
guys apparently obsidian tastes like
cheese we don't try it yourself yeah
considering I'm confused as hell now
joining us to wrap up there it yeah I
mean last week guys you absolutely
smashed like waiting again with a 1200
this time we're gonna ask for 1800
because when you're getting a window
we're doing something right and we know
you're enjoying it hey sandy guys and if
you've got a myth that you want to see
us test or away that you want to see us
kill we'll let us know in the comments
below and if is good enough we may just
well damn use it Europe gonna wrap it up
there say in a pin boxer I hope in Ajax
well there we go we bring the jolly ol
brains Wade well we're starting to train
him
oh yeah as well makes me feel better
annoying well